SD Patches, Software, SP migration (#405)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/reference/pages/systems/system-details/sd-software.adoc

[[sd-software]]
= Software

> The menu:Systems[Software] section allows you to manage software on the selected client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The menu:System Details[Software] section allows you to manage software on the selected client.
```
Maybe, we'd better say: "The Software section of the System Details page ..." (I'm not sure about the adoc decoration, though).
